miss 0.35
===================
               guess: Algiers
              answer: Khair_ad-Din
                  id: 102427
                text: At the request of his master, this man tried to kidnap the beauty
                      Giulia Gonzaga - after he failed, he sacked the town of Sperlonga, and
                      Giulia had a knight executed for seeing her naked. The force of this
                      non-monarch allegedly gave up on a siege after the obese laundress
                      Catherine Segurane mooned them. This man ordered that church bells not
                      be rung because they disturbed his sleep while wintering his troops in
                      Toulon, and he was assisted by a man called "the Great Jew," Sinan
                      Reis. He met with Antonio Rincon to negotiate an alliance between his
                      monarch and Francis I, but his force was defeated at the Battle of
                      Preveza by an allied fleet assembled by Pope Paul III in 1538. Both
                      this man and his elder brother Oruc Reis shared the same nickname, and
                      together they captured the province of Algiers for Suleiman the
                      Magnificent. For 10 points, name this Barbary pirate turned Ottoman
                      admiral, who took an Italian nickname previously held by a Holy Roman
                      Emperor.
--------------------
               guess: Art_Deco
              answer: Romanesque_architecture
                  id: 147693
                text: A version of this architectural style that developed in America
                      includes the Buffalo State Asylum andBoston's Trinity Church and is
                      named for H.H. Richardson. Fontenay Abbey and other early
                      Cistercianbuildings were created in this style, as were Pisa Cathedral
                      and its leaning tower. The Byzantine style inWestern Europe began
                      transforming into this one with buildings like Charlemagne's Palatine
                      Chapel in(*) Aachen. In England, this style is called "Norman" and
                      includes the since-replaced original Westminster Abbeyand the still-
                      extant Tower of London. The successor to this style replaced its round
                      arches with pointed ones. For10 points, name this European
                      architectural style that preceded the Gothic.
--------------------
               guess: March_on_Washington_for_Jobs_and_Freedom
              answer: Memphis,_Tennessee
                  id: 147580
                text: In this city, a man told musician Ben Branch to play the song "Take My
                      Hand, Precious Lord" shortly beforegoing outside for a cigarette. In a
                      speech here, a man admitted "I would like to live a long
                      lifeÂ—longevity hasits place." At a Mason Temple in this city, a man
                      announced "I'm not fearing any manÂ—my eyes have seen theglory of the
                      coming of the Lord!" Andrew Young and Jesse Jackson are photographed
                      pointing while on a hotelbalcony in this city. While here to support
                      striking sanitation workers, a man gave the "I've Been to
                      theMountaintop" speech. A man was killed at the Lorraine Motel in 1968
                      in this city by James Earl Ray. For 10points, name this Tennessee city
                      where Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated.
--------------------
               guess: Tristan_and_Iseult
              answer: Isolde
                  id: 93190
                text: The A-flat major tonality of this character's Act II duet recurs in
                      her last aria, which resolves the earlier scene with a B major tonic
                      chord bringing the opera to a close. Wilhelm FurtwÃ¤ngler conducted a
                      famous 1952 recording of this role sung by Kirsten Flagstad, who sang
                      the role seventy-three times at the Metropolitan Opera between 1935
                      and 1941. The composer paired an orchestral version of this
                      character's final aria with the opera's prelude as a promotional
                      concert piece, which is still popular today. She sings the aria "Mild
                      und leise wie er lÃ¤chelt" after the arrival of her fiancÃ©, King
                      Marke, in a scene commonly referred to as the "Liebestod," meaning her
                      "Love-Death." For 10 points, name this heroine of an Arthurian Wagner
                      opera who falls in love with Tristan.
--------------------
               guess: Momentum
              answer: Eccentricity_(mathematics)
                  id: 147721
                text: The LRL vector is usually scaled by the namesake vector of this
                      quantity. This quantity equals thesquare root of 1 plus two times the
                      energy times angular momentum squared over the mass times Big
                      Gsquared. This quantity multiplies the sine of its namesake anomaly,
                      then is subtracted from that anomaly,in order to calculate the mean
                      anomaly. For Earth, this quantity is approximately 0.016. This
                      quantitymultiplies the cosine of the angle to the point of (*) closest
                      approach in the denominator of a mathematicaldescription of Kepler's
                      First Law. The nonzero value for this quantity explains why the time
                      between equinoxes isnot equal. For 10 points, name this quantity which
                      represents the ratio of focal length and semimajor axis length foran
                      elliptical orbit, symbolized epsilon.
--------------------
               guess: Hadrian
              answer: Hadrian's_Wall
                  id: 147543
                text: This place was adjacent to a well where the water goddess Coventina
                      was worshiped. Information aboutthis place was found on the Rudge Cup.
                      The creation of this place is referenced in a limerick which
                      promptedits designer to write "I don't want to be a Florus, please." A
                      revolt near this structure signaled the beginning ofthe Great
                      Conspiracy, which was put down by Count Theodosius. A birthday
                      invitation was found on one ofthe Vindolanda tablets, which were
                      unearthed near this structure. The creator of this structure
                      laterestablished the Panhellenion in Greece and put down the Bar
                      Kokhba revolt. This structure was intended tostop Pictish raids from
                      Caledonia. For 10 points, name this fortification supplemented by one
                      built byAntoninus Pius, a wall in northern Britain sponsored by a
                      "good" Roman emperor.
--------------------
               guess: In_Reverse
              answer: Judicial_Procedures_Reform_Bill_of_1937
                  id: 147748
                text: This initiative was motivated by the three separate setbacks its
                      proponent learned about on a lesser-known Black Monday. This
                      initiative prompted the vice president to hold his nose and give a
                      thumbs-down on the Senate floor. New officials called "proctors" were
                      proposed in this initiative, which was secretly prepared by Attorney
                      General Homer Cummings. Owen Roberts is credited with (*) defeating
                      this initiative by choosing not to side with the so-called "Four
                      Horsemen." Three weeks after this initiative was discussed in the
                      ninth fireside chat, a minimum wage law in Washington was upheld in
                      West Coast Hotel v. Parrish thanks to "the switch in time that saved
                      nine." For 10 points each, identify this failed plan by Franklin D.
                      Roosevelt to add six new Supreme Court justices.
--------------------
               guess: Sandinista_National_Liberation_Front
              answer: Tomatoes
                  id: 144693
                text: In February 2015, two women at Melbourne's Flemington Racecourse were
                      hospitalized during a recreation of a festival involving these
                      objects. Participants in a festival involving these items must first
                      remove a piece of meat from a greased pole, which is the signal to
                      begin throwing these items. The Socialist Party of the Nether- lands
                      uses one of these objects in its logo. The Italian name for this plant
                      is derived from the words for "golden apple." A festival involving
                      these plants is held every August in Buñol, Spain, where they are
                      thrown for fun. This plant is the main ingredient of pico de gallo and
                      the soup base for gazpacho. For 10 points, name this red member of the
                      nightshade family typically used in pizza sauce and ketchup.
--------------------
               guess: Julian_Assange
              answer: Amazon_(company)
                  id: 102388
                text: According to a recent paper by Sara and Glenn Ellison, when this
                      company purchased a competitor and reduced search costs in its market,
                      average prices, price dispersion, and consumer surplus all increased.
                      In order to build its app ecosystem in the context of two-sided
                      markets, it charged consumers 99 cents for its smartphone in 2014. In
                      2012, this company spent $775 million to acquire Kiva Systems. At a
                      location in Pennsylvania, this company tagged all of their employees
                      with GPS trackers to monitor their manual efficiency. Daniel Ellsberg,
                      the leaker of the Pentagon Papers, wrote a letter to this company
                      after it stopped hosting the website of Wikileaks. In 2009, this
                      company yanked a US-copyright-violating version of the novel 1984 from
                      its products without notice. For 10 points, name this online
                      marketplace and titan of the book industry founded by Jeff Bezos.
--------------------
               guess: Michigan
              answer: Cyrus_Vance
                  id: 102234
                text: While serving as Special Assistant to the Secretary of Defense, this
                      politician infamously joked "It doesn't look too bad to me," leading
                      Jerome Cavanagh to respond "Usually the city isn't burning!" As a
                      result of that trip, this man wrote a report to the president on the
                      cause of the 12th Street Riot in Detroit. Late in his career, as
                      Special Envoy to the UN Secretary General, he negotiated a namesake
                      plan which achieved two brief ceasefires between Franjo Tudjman and
                      Slobodan Milosevic during the 1991 Croatian war, but was replaced by
                      the Z-4 Plan. He was also the deputy to Averell Harriman at the 1968
                      Vietnam peace talks in Paris. Like Hillary Clinton, he wrote a memoir
                      titled Hard Choices, recounting his opposition to the war-hawk
                      policies of National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski. He resigned
                      his highest office in reaction to Operation Eagle Claw, after which he
                      was replaced by Edmund Muskie. For 10 points, name this man who
                      succeeded Henry Kissinger as Secretary of State, and served in that
                      office under Jimmy Carter.
--------------------
               guess: My_Last_Duchess
              answer: The_Cantos
                  id: 148060
                text: A character in this poem recalls "a day when historians left blanks in
                      their writings" and states "theblossoms of the apricot blow from the
                      east to the west and I have tried to keep them from falling." The
                      line"Pull down thy vanity" is repeated in this poem. In this poem,
                      Acoetes describes the appearance of vines andlynxes on a pirate ship
                      after the exclamation "Hang it all, Robert Browning!" This poem
                      attacks money-lendingin its "with usura" section. The first part of
                      this poem is adapted from the Odyssey and begins, "And then wentdown
                      to the ship." One section of this poem quotes from the writings of
                      John Adams, and another was writtenwhile the author was imprisoned in
                      Pisa. For 10 points, name this lengthy unfinished poem by Ezra Pound.
--------------------
               guess: Sherman's_March_to_the_Sea
              answer: William_Tecumseh_Sherman
                  id: 149765
                text: One of this general's campaigns is the subject of a Henry Clay Work
                      composed marching song that begins with the lyrics "bring the good old
                      bugle, boys, we'll sing another song." This general ordered land to be
                      confiscated and resettled by slaves with his Special Field Order 15.
                      This general is believed to be the source of the expression "war is
                      hell." During one campaign, destroyed railroad ties were nicknamed
                      this general's "neckties." He presented the city of Savannah as a
                      Christmas gift to President Abraham Lincoln after razing his way from
                      Atlanta to the Atlantic. For 10 points, name this Union Civil War
                      general who led a namesake "March to the Sea."
--------------------
               guess: Lytic_Cycle
              answer: Lysis
                  id: 93198
                text: This process can be induced in cells by sodium deoxycholate or NP-40.
                      In another context, the Rz and Rz1 proteins help induce this process.
                      Gram-positive bacteria undergo this process when acted upon by an
                      enzyme present in hen egg white also known as muramidase. In protists,
                      this process is continually averted by the action of acidocalcisomes
                      in tandem with contractile vacuoles. This process occurs when a cell
                      is placed in an excessively hypotonic solution. A viral reproduction
                      cycle named for the fact that it causes the host cell to undergo this
                      process is contrasted with the lysogenic cycle. For 10 points, name
                      this general process in which a cell is destroyed via the rupturing of
                      its membrane.
--------------------
               guess: Johnny_Appleseed
              answer: Wildfire
                  id: 144650
                text: This process produces a class of butenolides called karrikins, which
                      bind to KAI2 receptors on seeds. Banksia plants have serotinous
                      follicles and lignotubers that facilitate resprouting in response to
                      this stimulus. Smudge pots use this process to protect fruit orchards
                      from frost. This phenomenon is promoted by eucalypts, which have
                      epicormic buds and insulated seed capsules. This phenomenon occurs in
                      surface and crown types and is common in a namesake regime that is
                      supported by plants such as ponderosa pine, which have resin- sealed
                      cones and sparse lower branches. It can increase soil nutrition by
                      producing an ash bed. For 10 points, name this destructive phenomenon
                      that clears out dry underbrush and is often caused by lightning.
--------------------
               guess: Korea
              answer: Silla
                  id: 102186
                text: According to legend, a courtier of this kingdom foretold that, at his
                      death, his blood would flow white as milk and his decapitated head
                      would fly to the top of a hill - those miracles, performed by the
                      minister Ichadon, convinced the nobles to change their religion. This
                      kingdom's founder was said to be born after light shone down in a
                      forest near a well, where a white horse bowed down and laid an egg, so
                      it adopted a name translating as "Chicken Forest." A new code of law
                      was issued by its king Pophung, who extended its borders by absorbing
                      the Gaya confederacy. Its royal classes were known as seonggol and
                      jingol, which mean "sacred bone" and the "true bone" respectively. It
                      often shifted alliances between its neighbors, the Baekje and the
                      Goguryeo, before conquering both and setting up a Unified dynasty in
                      668 CE. For 10 points, name this Korean kingdom which lasted until 935
                      when it was replaced by the Goryo.
--------------------
               guess: Wyeth
              answer: Giovanni_Bellini
                  id: 102281
                text: An artist with this surname made parchment books of leadpoint drawings
                      that includes his version of the Flagellation, which takes place
                      underneath a pair of loggia. That man's son painted the now lost
                      frescoes in the Topkapi Harem and fled from Constantinople after his
                      patron, Mehmed II, beheaded a slave to show him that his depiction of
                      John the Baptist's severed head was not realistic. A different artist
                      with this surname painted a sacra conversazione which features Job
                      with a pink loincloth and St. Louis of Toulouse. That artist with this
                      surname painted the San Giobbe Altarpiece and included some stone
                      steps that function as a bridge over a river in his version of Agony
                      in the Garden. Andrea Mantegna was the brother-in-law of that artist,
                      who depicted a man with outstretched hands in front of a cave in St.
                      Francis in Ecstasy. For 10 points, what is this surname shared by
                      Gentile, the official portraitist of the doges of Venice, and his
                      brother Giovanni, who never finished The Feast of the Gods?
--------------------
               guess: Portugal
              answer: Henry_the_Navigator
                  id: 93289
                text: A certain "Mestre Jacome" who served this man is identified with a
                      Majorcan Jew named JehudÃ  Cresques. After his failed attack on the
                      Marinid sultanate, this man's brother Ferdinand the Holy Prince was
                      taken prisoner and died in captivity at Fez. This member of the
                      Illustrious Generation funded his activities through his mastery of
                      the Order of Christ, and like his brother Edward the Philosopher, he
                      was a son of Philippa of Lancaster. This man sent Gil Eanes on an
                      expedition to pass Cape Bojador, and many of his feats were made
                      possible by the development of caravels. This man convinced his father
                      John I to conquer the Moroccan port of Ceuta. For 10 points, name this
                      member of the House of Aviz, a Portuguese patron of exploration who
                      helped launch the Age of Discovery.
--------------------
               guess: Vietnam_War
              answer: Going_After_Cacciato
                  id: 102389
                text: Near the end of this novel, the main character and his lover sit at a
                      table in the Majestic Hotel and give contrasting speeches on the topic
                      of moral obligation. In the last chapter of this novel, the
                      protagonist prepares to lead a group of people in storming a hotel
                      room, only to realize that he has wet himself. The main characters of
                      this novel fall into a tunnel complex from which there is apparently
                      no escape, but they escape from it by falling back out, at the
                      suggestion of Sarkin Aung Wan. This novel contains three narrative
                      threads: the first describes the protagonist looking down at a beach
                      from his observation post, the second consists of flashbacks to events
                      like the deaths of Bernie Lynn and Frenchie Tucker, and the third is
                      the title action, which is largely imagined by the protagonist. The
                      title character of this novel decides to walk to Paris and goes AWOL,
                      but is pursued by a squad of soldiers including Paul Berlin. For 10
                      points, name this novel by the author of The Things They Carried, Tim
                      O'Brien.
--------------------
               guess: Young_British_Artists
              answer: Great_Britain
                  id: 102225
                text: An artist born in this country created the ephemeral installation
                      Intensities and Surfaces, in which slabs of ice surrounding a core of
                      rock salt were left to melt. An art exhibit in this country featured a
                      duo's The Rape of Creativity, in which Goya's The Disasters of War was
                      defaced with insertions of Nazis, zombies and Ronald McDonalds. Those
                      artists, Anya Gallaccio and the Chapman brothers, were part of an art
                      movement in this country that began with the exhibition Freeze, whose
                      organizer created "spot paintings" by directly painting on gymnasium
                      walls. This country was the setting of Break Down, in which Michael
                      Landy destroyed all of his possessions. The businessman Charles
                      Saatchi patronizes a group of artists working in this country,
                      including the creator of the tent Everyone I have Ever Slept With and
                      the creator of an artwork featuring a preserved shark. Tracy Emin and
                      Damien Hirst are members of, for 10 points, what country's YBA
                      movement, which sometimes exhibits in the Tate?
--------------------
               guess: Yugoslav_Wars
              answer: Naval_mines
                  id: 149729
                text: The Polish officer Jozef Kosacki invented a portable counter to these
                      weapons that was first used at theBattle of El Alamein. In 1976
                      Christopher Ewart-Biggs, the British Ambassador to Ireland, was killed
                      byone of these weapons. The United States, Russia and China are non-
                      signatories to the 1997 Ottawa Treatyaiming to eliminate some of these
                      weapons. The Belgian-based APOPO uses (*) rats to counter theseweapons
                      in Africa. The Buffalo and the Casspir MRAPs employ a V-Hull to
                      protect against these weapons. Thespecial-edition comic book Superman:
                      Deadly Legacy warns about their dangers in Bosnia. Naval warships
                      called"sweepers" protect against these weapons. For 10 points, name
                      these weapons that trigger an explosion whenstepped on.
--------------------
               guess: Martha_Nussbaum
              answer: India
                  id: 144698
                text: An anthropologist from this country described how enclaved commodities
                      are hedged from pathway diver- sion in The Social Life of Things and
                      noted the role of social imaginaries in globalization in Modernity at
                      Large. A man from this country described how people convert endowments
                      into entitlements in an analysis of mass starvation. The roles of
                      moral, technical, and ceremonial customs in reinforcing social
                      cohesion on an archi- pelago in this country were described by Alfred
                      Radcliffe-Brown. The creator of the capability approach, an economist
                      from this country, wrote Poverty and Famines and Development as
                      Freedom. A system from this country had thousands of divisions called
                      jatis and four major ranks called varnas. For 10 points, name this
                      home country of Arjun Appadurai and Amartya Sen, which had a noted
                      caste system.
--------------------
               guess: Fireside_chats
              answer: Francis_Scott_Key
                  id: 144713
                text: This attorney prosecuted Arthur Bowen, a young slave, for the
                      attempted murder of his owner Anna Thornton in a trial that took place
                      in the aftermath of a destructive race riot. Another person prosecuted
                      by this man was a house-painter named Richard Lawrence, who arrived at
                      the funeral of Warren Davis and tried to use two malfunctioning
                      firearms to kill Andrew Jackson. While attempting to secure the
                      release of Dr. Wil- liam Beanes, this man was detained aboard the HMS
                      Tonnant, where he wrote a poem that mentions in its later stanzas "the
                      terror of flight" and "the gloom of the grave." For 10 points, name
                      this author of "The Defense of Fort M'Henry," which was set to music
                      as "The Star-Spangled Banner."
--------------------
               guess: Saxophone
              answer: Cannonball_Adderley
                  id: 93390
                text: This musician played the opening solo on Gil Evans's arrangement of
                      "St. Louis Blues" for New Bottle Old Wine. One of his albums features
                      the first recording of the Miles Davis composition "Nardis." On the
                      first side of one of his albums, he paired his popular version of Cole
                      Porter's "Love for Sale" with "Autumn Leaves," which also titles a
                      1963 live album of his that emerged from the same Japanese tour as
                      Nippon Soul. This musician referred to Bobby Timmons's "This Here" as
                      "Dis Here," and performed it along with "Dat Dere." He recorded the
                      album Somethin' Else. His namesake quintet recorded a popular version
                      of "Work Song," by his cornetist brother Nat. For 10 points, name this
                      nickname-sporting jazz saxophonist who had a hit with "Mercy, Mercy,
                      Mercy."
--------------------
               guess: Books_of_the_Authorized_King_James_Version
              answer: Puritans
                  id: 151370
                text: This group is represented by a dove in the Book of the Three Birds,
                      written by a Welsh member of this group named Morgan Llwyd (HLOO-id).
                      A member of this religious group adopted the pseudonym "Martin
                      Marprelate" to pen a series of attacks against authorities. A thousand
                      of them presented the king with the Millenary Petition, enabling them
                      to receive a voice at the Hampton Court Conference. The mortal enemy
                      of this religious group was William (*) Laud, the Archbishop of
                      Canterbury. Between 1620 and 1640, large numbers of these people left
                      England for Holland, though many were dissatisfied with their lives
                      there. For 10 points, name these English Protestants who settled in
                      New England, whose name is now synonymous with extreme straight-laced
                      piety.
--------------------
               guess: Heck_reaction
              answer: Cross-coupling_reaction
                  id: 102217
                text: MIDA can be used as a protecting group for one example of this type of
                      reaction. One reaction of this type is typically carried out using an
                      inorganic base such as cesium carbonate or potassium carbonate
                      alongside a tetrakis-triphenylphosphine complex. Secondary and
                      tertiary amines can be synthesized using one of these reactions named
                      for Buchwald and Hartwig. One of these reactions replaces the usual
                      central step with a migratory insertion followed by a beta-hydride
                      elimination. A Grignard reagent is used in one of these reactions
                      named for Kumada, while other examples using tin and zinc catalysts
                      are named for Stille and Negishi. The catalytic cycle of these
                      reactions consists of a reductive elimination, an oxidative addition,
                      and a transmetalation. For 10 points, name these reactions, one
                      example of which uses a palladium catalyst to make a carbon-carbon
                      bond between a boronic acid and a halide, which is named for Suzuki.
--------------------
               guess: Peru
              answer: Hernando_de_Soto_(economist)
                  id: 102142
                text: The appendix to this book contains pictures of various properties in
                      Port-Au-Prince and their prices, as well as a map showing human
                      settlement in that city. An excerpt from Fernand Braudel's The Wheels
                      of Commerce provides this text's recurring metaphor of a certain part
                      of the world as being a Bell Jar that is closed off from the rest of
                      the world. The author of this treatise spent 289 days trying to
                      register a business in his home country to argue that it and other
                      nations should develop a system in which information is easily
                      dispersed and assets are made fungible. This book argues that a system
                      of titles, deeds and articles of incorporation backed by a legal
                      infrastructure explains "why [the title economic system] triumphs in
                      the West and fails everywhere else." For 10 points, name this book, a
                      follow-up to The Other Path, which was authored by Peruvian economist
                      Hernando de Soto.
--------------------
               guess: Acceleration
              answer: Bond_Energy
                  id: 145772
                text: Thermal expansion occurs because models for this quantity versus
                      separation distance are asymmetric. This quantity is approximately the
                      height of the well of a Morse potential. For a binary acid, this
                      quantity equals proton affinity plus electron affinity minus
                      ionization energy. It is exactly equal to the heat of reaction for
                      homolysis, forming radicals. Though not heat of formation, this
                      quantity is quite low for peroxides, explaining their (*)
                      explosiveness. The heat of reaction equals the sum over this quantity
                      for each of the reactants minus the sum of it for the products. It
                      varies inversely with length and directly with order. For 10 points,
                      name this quantity, the amount of energy released when two molecular
                      fragments link covalently.
--------------------
               guess: Ivan_Pavlov
              answer: Darkness
                  id: 147647
                text: The ATPase PINA is expressed at high levels under this stimulus. The
                      DLMO response to this stimulus triggersPRC phase-advance. Some
                      organisms occupy the epipelagic zone during diel vertical migration in
                      responseto this exogenous stimulus. Phacelia is dependent on this
                      stimulus for germination, and pitaya flowersonly bloom when it is
                      present. A condition appearing under this stimulus is often the first
                      symptom of retinitispigmentosa. A steady influx of sodium through
                      certain cGMP-gated channels occurs under its namesake"current" and is
                      reversed by activation of transducin by opsin. This phenomenon
                      increases pineal gland secretionof melatonin, which stimulates sleep.
                      For 10 points, name this phenomenon during which nocturnal animalsare
                      active.
--------------------
               guess: Australia
              answer: Abel_Tasman
                  id: 102147
                text: This explorer was put on trial after he drunkenly attempted to hang
                      two of his own crew members from a tree because they strayed too far
                      from camp - as a result, this man briefly lost his seat on the Council
                      of Justice and had to issue a public apology. During one expedition,
                      he was sent to search for a "golden kingdom" of Lavo, but a
                      mistranslation of Marco Polo in German led him to sail in a different
                      direction. His companions included the merchant Isaac Gilsemans, whose
                      drawings depict their travels, and the carpenter Frans Visscher, who
                      planted flags for him in the name of Prince Frederick Hendrick. This
                      man named the Three Kings Islands after founding Storm Bay and the
                      Forestier Peninsula, and then nearly wrecked while founding the Fiji
                      Islands. For 10 points, name this explorer who sailed from Batavia to
                      discover Van Diemen's Land, which is now named in his honor.
--------------------
               guess: Time_derivative
              answer: Gradient
                  id: 102293
                text: This function names a plasma instability which has a "slab" type
                      caused by the coupling between ion acoustic waves and drift waves.
                      This function also names a component of the drift velocity for a
                      charged particle in an inhomogenous magnetic field. The fluid velocity
                      dotted with this function of the fluid velocity gives the convective
                      acceleration. Performing a gauge transformation of the vector
                      potential is done by adding this function of the gauge function to the
                      vector potential. Under certain conditions, a function F can be
                      expressed as the sum of this function applied to some scalar, V, plus
                      this function crossed with some vector, A, according to Helmholtz's
                      theorem. Applying this operation to the velocity potential gives the
                      fluid velocity, and minus this operation applied to the electric
                      potential gives the electric field. For 10 points, name this operation
                      from vector calculus which generalizes the derivative to multiple
                      dimensions, and is symbolized del.
--------------------
close 0.65
===================
               guess: Maya_Lin
              answer: Vietnam_Veterans_Memorial
                  id: 148839
                text: Chris Burden created an "Other" version of this artwork, while Diane
                      Carlson Evans raised funds for awomen's version of it. 287 additions
                      were made to this work after its completion, and Duery Felton,
                      Jr.organized a collection of objects left next to it. Viewers must
                      walk down a slight grade to approach thiswork, whose two main
                      components combine to form a "V" shape and are made from gabbro. The
                      artistlater created a similar sculpture for (*) Montgomery, Alabama's
                      Civil Rights Museum. This sculpture isaccompanied by Frederick Hart's
                      The Three Soldiers. During its construction, a Purple Heart was thrown
                      into theconcrete foundation. For 10 points, name this Maya Lin-
                      designed memorial to American soldiers killed in an Asianconflict.
--------------------
               guess: King_Arthur
              answer: Valmiki
                  id: 102084
                text: This figure asked his parents if they accepted the crimes he committed
                      on their behalf, to which they replied that he was responsible for
                      them as well as his own sins. This figure's veneration is the focus of
                      a Punjab-centered, dalit-based sect that identifies the Yoga Vasistha
                      as one of its scriptures. While stopping near a stream, this figure
                      was distraught when the male of a pair of mating cranes was killed by
                      an arrow, prompting him to utter a curse against a hunter that became
                      the first shloka. After being convinced to renounce his former life as
                      a highwayman by Narada, this figure meditated for so many years that
                      anthills grew around him. After receiving the exiled wife of the
                      killer of Vali in his ashram, or hermitage, this figure teaches the
                      boys Kusha and Lava to recite a work by him that recounts Jatayu's
                      attempt to rescue a woman imprisoned on Lanka after she is tricked by
                      a golden deer. For 10 points, name this legendary Sanskrit poet
                      traditionally credited with composing the Ramayana.
--------------------
               guess: Dwarfism
              answer: Anemia
                  id: 93175
                text: Drugs treating some forms of this condition include Mircera and
                      Aranesp. This condition can be caused by deficiencies of
                      triosephosphate isomerase, pyruvate kinase, and glucose-6-phosphate
                      dehydrogenase. The presence of Heinz bodies accompanies several
                      potential causes of this condition. Although it's not gastritis,
                      autoimmune destruction of parietal cells causes one type of this
                      condition, and another type of this condition is characterized by the
                      production of spherocytes. Some forms of this condition are treated
                      with ESAs, or erythropoiesis-stimulating agents. Some causes of this
                      condition confer resistance to malaria, and it is commonly caused by
                      iron deficiency. For 10 points, name this condition affecting red
                      blood cells that comes in "pernicious" and "sickle-cell" varieties.
--------------------
               guess: Great_Zimbabwe
              answer: Troy
                  id: 147512
                text: In 85 BC, Fimbria besieged this city for supporting Sulla. A
                      collection of artifacts from this citymysteriously showed up at the
                      Pushkin Museum in 1993. This city, which the Hittites called Wilusa,
                      is dividedinto nine archaeological layers, the seventh of which is
                      most likely identical to a fictional depiction of this city.Frank
                      Calvert performed preliminary surveys of this city on a mound at
                      Hisarlik. Before working on Mycenae,Heinrich Schliemann examined this
                      city's ruins and, in the process, smuggled out a collection of
                      artifacts nowknown as "Priam's Treasure." For 10 points, name this
                      city whose siege is the subject of Homer's Iliad.
--------------------
               guess: Tanzania
              answer: Zanzibar
                  id: 148845
                text: On this island, Barghash bin Said built a palace with electricity and
                      an elevator, the House of Wonders.This island's rulers employed the
                      ivory and slave trader Tippu Tip. With the support of the ASP
                      YouthLeague, John Okello declared himself Field Marshall and massacred
                      this island's Arabs during its 1964revolution. Henry Rawson bombarded
                      this island for 38 minutes before it surrendered during the
                      shortestwar in history. Like nearby (*) Mafia Island and Pemba Island,
                      this island is called a "spice island" for itsproduction of cloves.
                      Until the late 19th century, this island's namesake sultanate
                      controlled the nearby city ofMombasa. Julius Nyerere unified this
                      island with the Republic of Tanganyika. For 10 points, name this
                      largest islandin Tanzania.
--------------------
               guess: The_Canonization
              answer: John_Donne
                  id: 147046
                text: This poet describes how "earth's inward narrow crooked lanes do purge
                      sea water's fretful salt away," in a self-deprecating poem which
                      concludes "I, which was two fools, do so grow three." He wrote that
                      "soldiers find wars, and lawyers find out still litigious men" in a
                      poem from which Cleanth Brooks chose the title The Well-Wrought Urn,
                      and begins "For God's sake (*) hold your tongue, and let me love."
                      This poet listed "Fate, Chance, Kings, and desperate men" as masters
                      of an entity that some have called "Mighty and dreadfull." That poem
                      by this author of "The Canonization" ends simply: "death, thou shalt
                      die." For 10 points, name this metaphysical poet whose tenth Holy
                      Sonnet begins "Death, be not proud."
--------------------
               guess: George_Eliot
              answer: Middlemarch
                  id: 148841
                text: Rebecca Mead describes identifying with this character at age 17 in a
                      book titled My Life In the novelin which this character appears. After
                      encountering this character dressed in grey and lost in thought
                      infront of the Sleeping Ariadne in the Vatican, Naumann paints a
                      portrait of her as Santa Clara. Thiswoman's interest in improving the
                      cottages of nearby tenant farmers attracts the interest of
                      JamesChettam, who eventually marries her sister Celie. Her desire to
                      help her husband research The (*) Key toAll Mythologies is rebuffed,
                      and despite being disinherited by that husband, she marries Will
                      Ladislaw after his death.For 10 points, name this woman who comes to
                      regret having married Reverend Edward Casaubon in GeorgeEliot's
                      Middlemarch.
--------------------
               guess: Hamiltonian_(quantum_mechanics)
              answer: Density
                  id: 93217
                text: The Schiehallion experiment attempted to calculate the mean value of
                      one example of this quantity by measuring a nearby mountain's effect
                      on a pendulum. The time derivative of an operator named for this
                      quantity is proportional to the commutator of the operator with the
                      Hamiltonian, according to von Neumann. The expectation value of any
                      observable of a system is equal to the trace of the product of the
                      observable's operator with a matrix named for this quantity. For an
                      electric field's energy, this quantity is given as vacuum permeability
                      times electric field squared over two; for an ideal gas, it equals
                      molar mass times pressure divided by the gas constant and temperature.
                      For 10 points, name this value that can be measured using Archimedes'
                      principle, which equals mass divided by volume.
--------------------
               guess: Electron
              answer: Elementary_charge
                  id: 141325
                text: This constant times two is in the denominator of the expression for
                      the magnetic flux quantum. This quantity squared is in the numerator
                      of the expression for the fine structure constant. This value was
                      incorrectly estimated in an experiment due to an error in the value
                      for the viscosity of air; in that experiment, particles were suspended
                      in the air using an E-field. This quantity, which is equal to
                      Faraday's constant divided by Avogadro's number, was calculated in
                      Robert Millikan's oil drop experiment. For 10 points, name this
                      quantity equal to approximately "1.60 times 10 to the negative 19"
                      coulombs which is the charge of a proton.
--------------------
               guess: Pierre_Trudeau
              answer: William_Ewart_Gladstone
                  id: 148850
                text: This politician resigned from the Cabinet when the Prime Minister
                      proposed granting extra funds toMaynooth College. This man appointed
                      Francis Napier head of a commission investigating theconditions of
                      crofters and cotters in the Scottish Highlands. This prime minister,
                      who introduced thesecret ballot and frequently donated his own money
                      to rescue fallen women, seized upon Ottomanperpetratedatrocities in
                      Bulgaria to go on a foreign policy speech tour in his (*) "Midlothian
                      Campaign."Despite signing the Kilmanhaim Treaty with Charles Parnell,
                      this protege of Robert Peel was unable to secure IrishHome Rule across
                      his four terms as Prime Minister. For 10 points, name this Liberal
                      Prime Minister, the rival ofBenjamin Disraeli.
--------------------
               guess: Morocco
              answer: Carthage
                  id: 147725
                text: Achates (uh-KAY-tees) and his best friend first arrive in this city
                      enshrouded in a magical cloud. At abanquet held in this city, a man
                      recounts tearing the branches of a tree, only to have dark blood spill
                      out,since the tree was the spirit of Polydorus. Anna is the sister of
                      the ruler of this city, which boasts a grandmural depicting the Trojan
                      War. Two lovers first have sex in a cave outside this city where they
                      take (*)shelter from the rain. Aeolus blows a fleet off course,
                      causing it to end up on a shore near this city beloved by Juno.The
                      ruler of this city, who had fled Tyre to establish a new homeland,
                      throws herself onto a funeral pyre when shelearns that her lover is
                      departing for Italy. For 10 points, name this North African city ruled
                      by Dido in the Aeneid.
--------------------
               guess: Titanium
              answer: Silicon
                  id: 93284
                text: When alpha to a sulfoxide group, groups containing this element
                      migrate in a common variation of the Pummerer rearrangement.
                      Transmetalation of groups from this element to palladium is a key step
                      in the Hiyama cross-coupling. When groups containing this element are
                      geminal or vicinal to hydroxyl groups, they rearrange to ethers of
                      this element in the Brook rearrangement. Enol derivatives of those
                      ethers of this element are reacted with aldehydes or formates in the
                      Mukaiyama aldol reaction, and ethers of this element are generally
                      useful protecting groups for alcohols. The tetramethyl derivative of
                      this element is defined to have a chemical shift of 0 ppm in proton
                      NMR, and its dioxide is the main component of glass. For 10 points,
                      name this tetravalent element used in microchips.
--------------------
               guess: Suez_Canal
              answer: Suez_Crisis
                  id: 145803
                text: After this conflict, most of a country's mutamassir community left or
                      was expelled. An alliance in this conflict signed the secret Protocol
                      of Sevres, whose existence was later unsuccessfully denied by the
                      British. Prior to this conflict, one of its participants had acquired
                      Soviet weaponry via the Czech arms deal. During this conflict,
                      Operation Musketeer was launched as a response to Operation Kadesh.
                      (*) Anthony Eden resigned as British prime minister after this
                      conflict, which Dwight D. Eisenhower refused to join. The Canadian
                      prime minister Lester Pearson spearheaded a UN resolution to end this
                      conflict, in which Israeli, British, and French forces invaded the
                      Sinai. For 10 points, name this 1956 "crisis" that began after Gamal
                      Abdel Nasser nationalized an Egyptian canal.
--------------------
               guess: Alfred_Jarry
              answer: Pataphysics
                  id: 102132
                text: An enthusiast of this topic visited Amorphous Island, whose first king
                      ate a monolith and had sex with his harem inside of it, and whose
                      second king chased away all the fish by building railroads. Its major
                      Canadian practitioner is Christian Bök, whose book Crystallography
                      uses the study of crystals to explain language. A Boris Vian book
                      asking "What's That?," in regards to this topic was published by a
                      London college whose Committee for Hirsutism and Pogonotrophy is
                      devoted to it. Practitioners of this discipline must make their
                      language resemble syzygies, since "a word must transfix a momentary
                      conjunction or opposition of meanings." Dr. Faustroll is a figure in
                      this movement, which "seeks to understand the universe that is
                      supplementary to our own." The study of what lies beyond metaphysics
                      is at the center of, for 10 points, what "science of imaginary
                      solutions" created by Alfred Jarry?
--------------------
               guess: Italian-Americans
              answer: Mayor_of_Chicago
                  id: 144679
                text: After leaving this position, a man claimed he was leading an
                      expedition to look for tree-climbing fish. A man who held this post
                      was mocked with the line "Tony, Tony, where's your pushcart?" and the
                      slur "Bohunk" by corrupt rival William Hale Thompson. Disgruntled
                      office seeker Patrick Prendergast murdered a man holding this position
                      in the 1870s, named Carter Harrison Sr. In 1933, a man holding this
                      position was critically wounded by Giuseppe Zangara in Miami; that
                      man, Anton Cermak, was shot while shaking hands with actual target
                      Franklin Roosevelt. For 10 points, name this political position whose
                      1893 occupant led his city in hosting the World's Columbian
                      Exposition.
--------------------
               guess: St._Louis
              answer: Louis_IX_of_France
                  id: 145751
                text: This monarch was the first to mint a gold coin called the ecu d'or,
                      and commissioned Vincent of Beauvais to write the encyclopedia
                      Speculum majus. This king granted the appanage of Poitou to his
                      brother, Alphonse, with whom he fought and won the Saintonge War and
                      the Battle of Taillebourg against England. Various legends about this
                      husband of Marguerite of Provence were told by his biographer, Jean de
                      Joinville. This king allowed his vassal, Henry (*) III of England, to
                      hold on to English territories in Aquitaine. This Capetian king's
                      mother, Blanche of Castile, served as regent while he traipsed around
                      North Africa leading the Seventh Crusade. He ultimately died in
                      Tunisia during the Eighth Crusade. For 10 points, name this only
                      French king to be canonized.
--------------------
               guess: Mass
              answer: Momentum
                  id: 93320
                text: This quantity's eigenfunctions are complex exponentials with a
                      constant factor of one divided by quantity "2 pi times h-bar" all
                      raised to the three-halves power. In Planck units, this quantity is
                      given by the square root of h-bar times speed of light cubed divided
                      by the universal gravitational constant. The time derivative of its
                      expected value appears on one side of Ehrenfest's theorem. This
                      quantity is squared in the quantum operator for kinetic energy; its
                      own operator is equal to h-bar divided by i times the gradient. For
                      massless particles, special relativity gives this quantity as energy
                      divided by the speed of light. If position is precisely known, this
                      quantity cannot be according to Heisenberg's uncertainty principle.
                      For 10 points, name this conserved quantity equal to mass times
                      velocity.
--------------------
               guess: Johnson_Johnson
              answer: Philip_Johnson
                  id: 147638
                text: Three circular rooms, each with a rotating "poster rack" allowing
                      visitors to see forty-two artworks two at atime, compose this
                      architect's Tomb of AgamemnonÂ–inspired Painting Gallery. This
                      architect refused to revealthe secret inscription atop the "staircase
                      to nowhere" that makes up his Monument to Lincoln Kirstein. Theopen
                      pediment atop a skyscraper designed by this architect earned that
                      structure the nickname "ChippendaleBuilding." A brick cylinder
                      conceals the bathroom in this architect's personal residence in New
                      Canaan,Connecticut, the design of which drew from another architect's
                      Farnsworth House. For 10 points, name thiscollaborator with Mies on
                      the Seagram Building who is best known for designing the Glass House.
--------------------
               guess: BANKS
              answer: Federal_Reserve
                  id: 147719
                text: This organization was designed during a secret meeting on Jekyll
                      Island held between Nelson Aldrichand leading businessmen. In 2007,
                      this organization introduced a temporary program called the
                      TermAuction Facility that released short term funds to anonymous
                      bidders. This organization's policy is set byits namesake Open Market
                      Committee that includes the Board of Governors, the governor of its
                      (*) NewYork branch, and 4 of its remaining 11 branch governors. This
                      institution uses the discount window and, under itsfirst female
                      leader, has introduced quantitative easing to help achieve its dual-
                      mandate of maximum employmentand stable prices. For 10 points, name
                      this Janet Yellen-led U.S. central bank that is independent from the
                      Treasury.
--------------------
               guess: Aithiopika
              answer: Aethiopica
                  id: 102081
                text: This book's translation by Thomas Underdowne was used as a source by
                      William Shakespeare for his play Cymbeline. The main characters of
                      this book meet a witch who wraps a piece of hardened dough in laurels
                      and tosses it into a trench so that she can summon the shade of her
                      dead son. Its ninth book recounts the impressive siege of Syene, in
                      which Hydaspes redirects the waters of a river to nearly drown that
                      city's inhabitants. One of this work's main characters is born with a
                      pale complexion because her mother looked at a painting of Andromeda.
                      That woman is sold into slavery by Thyamis, which sets in motion much
                      of this book's plot on her attempts to reunite with her chaste lover.
                      For 10 points, the travails of Theagenes and Chariclea are described
                      in what third century novel by Heliodorus, which is named for an
                      African country?
--------------------
               guess: Steel
              answer: Railroads
                  id: 151974
                text: In preparation for World War I, workers in this industry were granted
                      an eight-hour day through the Adamson Act. In the Civil War, Herman
                      Haupt supervised this industry for the Union and War Secretary Simon
                      Cameron resigned due to his role in profiteering from it. An 1862 act
                      issued bonds to a company in this industry established by Theodore
                      Judah and financed by the Big Four. A Civil War raid using (*)
                      infrastructure from this industry inspired Buster Keaton's film The
                      General. Ruined infrastructure from this industry became "Sherman's
                      Neckties" during the March to the Sea. An 1862 Act of Congress
                      proposed a project in this industry completed at Promontory point with
                      the driving in of a golden spike. For 10 points, the Union Pacific
                      Company is in which industry.
--------------------
               guess: Daniel
              answer: Nebuchadnezzar_II
                  id: 147598
                text: This man is baffled when he observes a mysterious figure that "looks
                      like a son of the gods" walking amongsta group of prisoners. This man
                      is described as "drenched with the dew of heaven" and eating "grass
                      like an ox"after he is punished with seven years of madness, as
                      prophesied by a dream in which a bountiful tree isordered to be
                      chopped down. This man has a dream in which a statue is made of
                      various precious metals buthas feet made of iron and clay. Three
                      servants of this ruler are re-named Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednegoand
                      ordered to be thrown into a fiery furnace. Daniel interprets the
                      dreams of this emperor, who orders thedestruction of the First Temple
                      in Jerusalem. For 10 points, name this emperor who initiates the
                      BabylonianCaptivity.
--------------------
               guess: Violas
              answer: Viola
                  id: 93464
                text: Ernest Bloch's Suite Hebraique is for this solo instrument and
                      orchestra, and Max Bruch wrote a double concerto for clarinet and this
                      instrument. A rhapsody for this instrument and orchestra was written
                      by Tibor Serly, who assembled the unfinished sketches of his teacher,
                      Bela Bartok, into one of the most famous concertos for this
                      instrument. Many compositions featuring it were commissioned by Lionel
                      Tertis. Paul Hindemith's Der Schwanendreher is a concerto for this
                      instrument. Another composition featuring it concludes with an "Orgy
                      of Brigands." The acquisition of one of these instruments led Paganini
                      to request from Berlioz what became Harold in Italy. For 10 points,
                      name this string instrument that plays in the alto clef, and whose
                      size is between that of the cello and violin.
--------------------
               guess: Frank_Gehry
              answer: Los_Angeles
                  id: 93172
                text: Horatio Parker won a prize commissioned by this city for his opera
                      Fairyland. With Artie Mason Carter, Philadelphia's Christine Stevenson
                      founded a musical venue in this city with the goal of performing
                      "Symphonies Under the Stars." Mark Swed criticized the "tyranny of
                      technology" in the form of large LED screens installed in one venue in
                      this city. Bassist Charles Mingus was raised largely in this city,
                      where the Finnish-born Esa-Pekka Salonen began conducting at age 27.
                      The mirror-like walls of the Founders Room of a concert hall in this
                      city originally produced dangerous blinding glare. Inexpensive
                      classical music performances are given at a natural amphitheater in
                      this city known as the Bowl. For 10 points, name this city home to the
                      Frank Gehry-designed Walt Disney Concert Hall.
--------------------
               guess: Of_Grammatology
              answer: Jacques_Derrida
                  id: 145800
                text: An early paper by this man argued that the structure of metaphysics
                      used to have a "center," such as God or Man, but doesn't anymore. This
                      man criticized the desire for a "transcendental signified" to which
                      all signs eventually point. He lost popularity after publicly excusing
                      the Nazi ties of his Belgian colleague Paul de Man. Gayatri Spivak
                      translated a large book by this man, which shows Thoth on the cover
                      and opens by declaring "There is nothing outside the (*) text." This
                      critic of "logocentrism" devised a way of reading texts which reveals
                      apparently-binary opposites to actually be hierarchies and then
                      destabilizes their meaning. For 10 points, name this Algerian-born
                      author of Of Grammatology, a French post-structuralist who pioneered
                      deconstruction.
--------------------
               guess: Absolute_zero
              answer: Negative_One
                  id: 147038
                text: This number is the output when the Möbius function is applied to a
                      prime number. The product of all four basis elements of the
                      quaternions, one times i times j times k, equals this number. The
                      Legendre symbol of a over p is this number if a is NOT a quadratic
                      residue modulo p. Every bit in this number's two's complement
                      representation is a 1. According to (*) Euler's identity, this number
                      equals e to the power of i times pi. This is the only value achieved
                      exactly once by cosine in the range 0 to 2pi, inclusive. Raising a
                      number to this power is the same as finding its reciprocal. For 10
                      points, identify this additive inverse of one, which is equal to the
                      square of the imaginary number i.
--------------------
               guess: Andrew_Jackson
              answer: Panic_of_1837
                  id: 147681
                text: This event largely did not affect institutions which belonged to the
                      Suffolk system. A cartoon depicting "The Times" of this event shows a
                      shining hat subtitled "GLORY" in the sky above a city street. During
                      this event, thousands of New Yorkers attacked hoarding merchants in
                      the Flour Riots. This event inspired the unsuccessful Divorce Bill and
                      the narrowly-passed Independent Treasury Act. This event is often
                      blamed on an order issued by Levi Woodbury which prevented (*)) public
                      lands from being bought with"wildcat currency." This event was partly
                      caused by the Specie Circular and by the credit policies of "pet
                      banks." For 10 points, name this economic crisis, a financial panic
                      that began in the first year of Martin Van Buren's term.
--------------------
               guess: Geomagnetic_reversals
              answer: Earth's_magnetic_field
                  id: 149758
                text: The theory of seafloor spreading was connected to changes in this
                      entity by the Vine-Matthews-Morley hypothesis. Those changes involving
                      this entity were first identified by Motonori Matuyama, and the homing
                      pigeon is thought to get its navigation skills from its ability to
                      sense this thing. This entity was impacted during the Laschamp event.
                      It names a region of the atmosphere in which solar wind particles are
                      deflected. The dynamo theory predicts that this thing is generated by
                      the motion of liquid metals in the core. This thing occasionally
                      undergoes complete reversals. For 10 points, name this field whose
                      non-geographic poles are pointed to by a compass.
--------------------
               guess: Huitzilopochtli
              answer: Aztecs
                  id: 147036
                text: People from this civilization destroyed old household utensils in
                      preparation for a ceremony which began when the "fire drill," or
                      Orion's belt, rose above the horizon. They performed the Binding of
                      the Years, or the New Fire ceremony, every 52 years at the end of a
                      full cycle of the calendar. This civilization's "Great Temple" was
                      dedicated to both the god of rain and the war god. Select members of
                      this civilization would be wined and dined for a full year, before
                      five priests (*) laid them upon a table and cut their hearts out. This
                      civilization settled where an eagle was spotted with a snake in its
                      talons, and eagerly awaited the return of a feathered serpent. For 10
                      points, name this Mesoamerican civilization that revered Quetzalcoatl.
--------------------
               guess: John_Stuart_Mill
              answer: A_System_of_Logic
                  id: 102219
                text: This text warns against frivolously speculating about the nature of
                      Being due to the double meaning of the verb "to be" by comparing a
                      steam engine and Milo of Crotona. A portion of this book argues that
                      unexplained phenomena are partly the result of chance, and that so-
                      called "residual phenomena" may be discovered if chance is eliminated.
                      Its last section, which largely concerns the social sciences, proposes
                      a "physical" or "concrete" method that is applicable to political
                      economy, but not sociology or history. The second of its six books
                      contains a chapter divided into "five canons" on the four methods of
                      experimental inquiry, such as agreement, elimination and difference.
                      The author's view that the value of names is solely that of its
                      referent is presented in this text. For 10 points, name this treatise
                      on ratiocinative and inductive methods, which was written by John
                      Stuart Mill.
--------------------
hit 0.44
===================
               guess: East_of_Eden_(novel)
              answer: East_of_Eden_(novel)
                  id: 144763
                text: Early in this character's life, he refuses his father's offer to get
                      him a spot at West Point, electing instead to join his old regiment,
                      which battles Native Americans in the West. This character hates his
                      brother's determination to wake them both up at 4:30 AM to work on
                      their farm. After being shot by his wife, this character lies to the
                      sheriff Horace Quinn. This man befriends Samuel Hamilton and hires the
                      cook Lee, who teaches his son about the word timshel, or "thou
                      mayest." This son of Cyrus moves from Connecticut to the Salinas
                      Valley with his wife, the former prostitute Cathy Ames. For 10 points,
                      name this brother of Charles and father of Aron and Caleb, the
                      protagonist of John Steinbeck's East of Eden.
--------------------
               guess: Sierra_Leone
              answer: Sierra_Leone
                  id: 147564
                text: In 2000, the British military was horrified to discover that it had
                      paid for the retraining of an infamoussadist from this country, a
                      female militia leader named Adama Cut-Hands. A rebel leader from this
                      countrywas fond of giving menacing colloquial nicknames to military
                      actions, like "Operation Pay Yourself" and"Operation No Living Thing."
                      This country used IMF funds to pay South African mercenary firm
                      ExecutiveOutcomes to terrorize its citizens. The Abidjan and Lome
                      Accords attempted to end a civil war in this countrydriven by Foday
                      Sankoh and the Revolutionary United Front, backed by Liberia under
                      Charles Taylor. For 10points, name this West African country whose
                      rich diamond mines have led to various wars to controlFreetown.
--------------------
               guess: Susan_Sontag
              answer: Susan_Sontag
                  id: 147552
                text: In 1982, this thinker claimed that Communism was "the most successful
                      variant of Fascism." In a PartisanReview essay, this author wrote that
                      "the white race is the cancer of human history." This person directed
                      acandlelit performance of Waiting for Godot during the 1990s Siege of
                      Sarajevo. In an essay, this thinker claimedthat Hitchcock's films fell
                      into "self-parody" and could not be part of the title canon. This
                      author wrote a 1978text that notes how both tuberculosis and cancer
                      were once linked to a person's psychological traits. Sheproduced a
                      series of theses that define picture postcards as part of the title
                      "love of the unnatural." For 10points, name this writer of the book
                      Illness as Metaphor and the essay "Notes on 'Camp.'"
--------------------
               guess: Hungarian_Revolution_of_1956
              answer: Hungarian_Revolution_of_1956
                  id: 147597
                text: The AK-47 was first used on a wide scale during this event. During
                      this event, the Dudas Group attackedmembers of the AVH Secret Police.
                      Its leader was deported to Romania after leaving the Yugoslavian
                      embassydespite a promise of safe conduct. Tensions resulting from this
                      event spilled over into an a Olympic water polomatch that became known
                      as the "Blood in the Water Match." It was inspired in part by the
                      Secret Speech ofNikita Khrushchev, and following it, premier Janos
                      Kadar instituted the system of "goulash communism." For10 points, name
                      this 1956 revolution in which Imre Nagy's attempt to withdraw a
                      Central European countryfrom the Warsaw Pact was quelled by a Soviet
                      invasion.
--------------------
               guess: My_Ántonia
              answer: My_Ántonia
                  id: 102318
                text: This character repeats the phrase "blue sky, blue eyes" while trying
                      to convince another character to take a chased silver ring. A visit to
                      the town photographer reveals that the picture of the baby in a great
                      gilt frame belongs to this character, who relates a story about a
                      tramp who jumps head-first into a threshing machine. This character
                      also tells the narrator a story about people being thrown from a
                      sledge to the wolves by Peter and Pavel. She returns from Denver after
                      being abandoned by her fiance Larry Donovan. An episode at the Vannis'
                      dancing tent causes this character to lose her position with Mrs.
                      Harling, after which she goes to work for the lecherous Wick Cutter.
                      This friend of Lena Lingard eventually marries Anton Cuzak and settles
                      down in Black Hawk. For 10 points, name this title character whose
                      life is chronicled by Jim Burden in a Willa Cather novel.
--------------------
               guess: Colfax_Massacre
              answer: Colfax_massacre
                  id: 102286
                text: In the midst of this incident, Michael Ryan presented a set of
                      resolutions to Charles Vernou, demanding a response to the rape of two
                      women. William Calhoun tried to prevent this incident by delivering a
                      letter to the governor requesting reinforcements, but he was captured
                      on the water by Paul Hooe and James Hadnot, who was later killed by
                      friendly fire in this incident. This conflict began when Daniel Shaw
                      and Robert Register took oaths of office as sheriff and judge. That
                      led the opposing sheriff Christopher Columbus Nash to march on the
                      local courthouse on Easter Sunday, prompting Governor William Kellogg
                      to call in the militia. Several men arrested as a result of this
                      incident were released because United States v. Cruikshank found that
                      the Enforcement Act was unconstitutional. Perpetrated by groups like
                      the Knights of the White Camellia, For 10 points, name this 1873
                      massacre of black freedmen at a small town in Louisiana, which had
                      been named for the first vice president under Ulysses Grant.
--------------------
               guess: Julius_Caesar_(play)
              answer: Julius_Caesar
                  id: 147509
                text: A major early collection of medieval French prose relates "ancient
                      history until" this man. In a literaryappearance, this man is unmoved
                      by Theodotus's pleas about burning books and is given dates by Rufio
                      whilewaiting in a lighthouse during a siege in Egypt. This figure
                      ascends into heaven at the close of Ovid'sMetamorphoses. In one of
                      Shaw's Three Plays for Puritans, this man receives a rug that conceals
                      the other titlecharacter rolled up inside. This subject of Lucan's
                      Pharsalia is targeted by a man with a "lean and hungry look"in a
                      namesake Shakespeare play. For 10 points, name this Roman who cries,
                      "Et tu, brute?" after being stabbedin the Senate.
--------------------
               guess: Axiom_of_choice
              answer: Axiom_of_choice
                  id: 147585
                text: This statement's demonstration of the existence of a Hamel basis
                      allows for non-linear solutions toCauchy's functional equation. This
                      statement is equivalent to Tychonoff's theorem, the fact that the
                      product ofany number of compact spaces is compact, or to the fact that
                      any vector space has a basis. In graph theory, thisfact allows for the
                      finding of a spanning tree in any connected graph. It means that,
                      given a partially orderedset where every chain has an upper bound,
                      there is a maximal element, a statement known as Zorn's lemma.It's
                      often combined with the Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory axioms to create
                      ZFC. For 10 points, identify thisaxiom which, informally, says that
                      one can select from a given collection of objects.
--------------------
               guess: Echinoderm
              answer: Echinoderm
                  id: 141606
                text: One member of this non-chordate phylum is commonly used to study
                      fertilization and embryonic development due to its transparent eggs.
                      Aristotle's description of one member of this phylum led to its
                      feeding structure being called Aristotle's lantern. This phylum and
                      Chordata make up the most common deuterostomes. Members of this phylum
                      use the madreporite to filter water in their water vascular system.
                      Although organisms in this phylum are born with bilateral symmetry, at
                      adulthood they typically have five-sided radial symmetry. For 10
                      points, name this "spiny skinned" phylum whose members include sea
                      urchins and starfish.
--------------------
               guess: Snake
              answer: Snake
                  id: 144737
                text: A temple in Penang uses incense to hold its population of these
                      animals. The twenty-third tirthankara, Parshvanatha, escapes a storm
                      because he saved one of these creatures as a young man. Along with a
                      pig and a bird, this animal appears in Buddhist images of the "three
                      poisons." In Voodoo, the creator Loa, Damballa, has the body of one of
                      these animals. In Hinduism, young Krishna deals with one of them named
                      Kaliya. In the Book of Mark, Jesus says that his apostles will be
                      known by their ability to handle these animals, inspiring the practice
                      of handling them in Pentecostal churches. For 10 points, name this
                      type of animal that tempts Eve in the Garden of Eden.
--------------------
               guess: Etruscan_civilization
              answer: Etruscan_civilization
                  id: 141458
                text: This culture produced red-and-black painted figures on the walls of
                      the Tomb of the Roaring Lions, as well as a Greek-influenced
                      terracotta sculpture of a reclining husband and wife. The Sarcophagus
                      of the Spouses is an artifact of this culture. Herodotus claims that
                      these people descended from Lydian exiles, not from the Villanovan
                      culture. A twelve-city "league" of this people centered on the city of
                      Veii ["VAY-ee"]. In legend, a ruler of this people named Lars Porsena
                      aided another man whose rape of Lucretia led him to be overthrown in
                      favor of a republic led by consuls. The names of Tuscany and Etruria
                      derive from, for 10 points, what pre-Roman culture of Italy?
--------------------
               guess: Magnetic_moment
              answer: Magnetic_moment
                  id: 102200
                text: The QED one-loop correction to the electron's value for this quantity
                      equals the fine structure constant divided by 2 pi. QCD predicts that
                      the ratio of this quantity for the proton to this quantity for the
                      neutron equals minus three halves. For an electron, QED predicts this
                      quantity's classical version to be multiplied by a factor of 2.002, an
                      improvement in accuracy over the factor of 2 predicted by the Dirac
                      equation. Along with the flux and the longitudinal invariant, this
                      quantity is the first adiabatic invariant for a gyrating charged
                      particle. This value for an object divided by an object's angular
                      momentum gives the gyromagnetic ratio, and that aforementioned factor
                      of 2.002 which multiplies this quantity's classical version in quantum
                      mechanics is the g-factor. The electron's value for this quantity is a
                      physical constant named for Bohr. For 10 points, name this quantity
                      equal to the product of the area of a current loop and the current
                      going through the loop, which is symbolized mu, like its electric
                      counterpart.
--------------------
               guess: Ode_to_the_West_Wind
              answer: Ode_to_the_West_Wind
                  id: 147042
                text: The addressee of this poem "saw in sleep old palaces and towers" while
                      "beside a pumice isle in Baiae's bay," and is held responsible for
                      wakening a sea from "his summer dreams." This poem describes "winged
                      seeds" that lie "cold and low" like a "corpse within its grave" until
                      they are moved by the addressee's "azure sister", who blows a "clarion
                      o'er the dreaming earth". In the final stanza of this poem, the
                      speaker commands, "Drive my (*) dead thoughts over the universe" to
                      the title "Wild Spirit," who is called both "Destroyer" and
                      "Preserver". This poem ends with the question, "If Winter comes, can
                      Spring be far behind?" For 10 points, name this poem addressed to the
                      "breath of Autumn's being," by Percy Shelley.
--------------------
               guess: Mikhail_Bulgakov
              answer: Mikhail_Bulgakov
                  id: 147697
                text: In a novel by this author, notes taken by Dr. Bormenthal relate the
                      history of a character who adoptsthe worldview of the housing
                      committee leader Shvonder after encountering Dr. Preobrazhensky. In
                      ascene from another of his novels, a crowd of women are left standing
                      in their underwear after the clothingthey were given during a magic
                      show disappears. In another of his novels, Ivan (*) Bezdomny is sent
                      to anasylum, where he meets an author who is told "manuscripts don't
                      burn" after he is handed a copy of his own novelabout Yeshua Ha-Notsri
                      and Pontius Pilate. In that novel, Azazello and the talking cat
                      Behemoth are among theretinue of Professor Woland, who is Satan in
                      disguise. For 10 points, name this author of Heart of a Dog and
                      TheMaster and Margarita.
--------------------
               guess: Kwame_Nkrumah
              answer: Kwame_Nkrumah
                  id: 149756
                text: This leader imprisoned his long-time rival J.B. Danquah. Joseph
                      Ankrah's National Liberation Council deposed this man while he was
                      meeting with Zhou Enlai on a state visit to North Vietnam. This leader
                      founded the Convention People's Party. His political philosophy was
                      influenced by W.E.B Dubois, who died in this leader's country. This
                      leader powered his nation's aluminum smelters by building the Akosombo
                      Dam on the Volta River. This prominent advocate of Pan-Africanism
                      presided over his country's discarding of its colonial name, the Gold
                      Coast. For 10 points, name this first president of an independent
                      Ghana.
--------------------
               guess: Melting_point
              answer: Melting_point
                  id: 93327
                text: Using Lindemann's criterion to calculate this quantity gives a value
                      proportional to the atomic spacing squared times the Debye frequency
                      squared. For nanoparticles or small crystals, this property is
                      dependent on size, per the Gibbs-Thomson equation. This property is
                      higher for neopentane than for n-pentane or isopentane. When measuring
                      this value, which can be done with a Thiele tube or a Fisher-Johns
                      apparatus, more impure compounds will exhibit a larger range. A
                      mixture with the lowest possible value for this measure is eutectic.
                      For a solution, the depression of this value upon increase in
                      concentration is a colligative property. For gallium, it's slightly
                      above room temperature and for water it is 0 degrees Celsius. For 10
                      points, name this temperature at which solids become liquid.
--------------------
               guess: China
              answer: China
                  id: 141573
                text: A painting technique from this country that does not use outlines has
                      a name that means "boneless". This country is home to a contemporary
                      artist who arranged hundreds of bicycles in his Forever Bicycles
                      series and photographed himself destroying an ancient vase. A busy
                      "Rainbow Bridge" is depicted in a painting from this country that
                      transitions from the rural to urban as it follows a river upstream.
                      Artwork from this country often bears red seals from its owners and
                      calligraphic inscriptions from its artists. For 10 points, name this
                      home country of Ai Weiwei where Along the River During the Qingming
                      ["ching-ming"] Festival was produced in the Song dynasty.
--------------------
               guess: Crimean_War
              answer: Crimean_War
                  id: 151988
                text: For three months near the end of this war, William Fenwick Williams
                      defended the small town of Kars. This war began shortly after France
                      sent the ship-of-line Charlemagne as a show of force in violation of
                      the London Straits Convention. In this war, Patrice McMahon captures
                      the Malakoff Redoubt early in his career. William Howard Russel
                      documented this war for The Times, and the (*) Victoria Cross was
                      introduced in its aftermath. Sir Colin Campbell ordered his men to
                      array two-deep, setting up a "Thin Red Line", and six-hundred men were
                      sent to attack a well-prepared artillery battery, at its Battle of
                      Balaclava. For 10 points, name this war in which Lord Cardigan led the
                      charge of the Light Brigade, fought by an Ottoman and European
                      alliance against Russia.
--------------------
               guess: Psycho_(1960_film)
              answer: Psycho_(1960_film)
                  id: 141501
                text: A character in this film is observed skipping work by her boss after
                      he notices her car while crossing a crosswalk. This film ends with a
                      character smiling and looking into the camera as an offscreen female
                      voice declares "why, she wouldn't harm a fly." One scene in this film
                      match cuts between shots of water swirling in a drain and a woman's
                      eyeball. Anthony Perkins plays a character in this film who states "we
                      all go a little mad sometimes." This film used chocolate syrup to
                      mimic blood in a scene accompanied by Bernard Hermann's screeching
                      string soundtrack. Marion Crane is stabbed in the shower in, for 10
                      points, what Alfred Hitchcock film about cross-dressing serial killer
                      Norman Bates?
--------------------
               guess: John_Milton
              answer: John_Milton
                  id: 150535
                text: This man expressed a desire to "unsphere / the spirit of Plato to
                      unfold / what worlds or what vastregions hold / the immortal mind" in
                      a poem that features invocations of Saturn, Vesta, and Urania. He
                      declares "Mirth, with thee I mean to live" at the end of one poem,
                      while in that poem's companion, he dismissed "vain deluding joys" in
                      favor of "divinest Melancholy". In a non-fiction work, this man
                      asserted that "he who destroys a good (*) book, kills reason itself."
                      He coined the phrase "they also serve who only stand and wait" in a
                      sonnet that begins with the line "When I consider how my light is
                      spent" and reflects on his blindness. For 10 points, name this author
                      of "L'Allegro" and "Il Penseroso", as well as Areopagitica and the
                      epic poem Paradise Lost.
--------------------
               guess: Hannah_Arendt
              answer: Hannah_Arendt
                  id: 141542
                text: This philosopher claimed that the "shadowy interior of the household"
                      became part of public life as the state took on housekeeping
                      functions. A book by this author argues that Western philosophy has
                      made the vita activa subordinate to the vita contemplativa. This
                      thinker blamed imperialism and anti-Semitism for originating a form of
                      "radical evil." This author of The Human Condition was attacked by the
                      left for her analysis of Stalinism in The Origins of Totalitarianism.
                      This philosopher reported on the trial of a Nazi official who embodied
                      "the banality of evil". For 10 points, name this author of Eichmann in
                      Jerusalem.
--------------------
               guess: Charles_de_Batz_de_Castelmore_d'Artagnan
              answer: Charles_de_Batz_de_Castelmore_d'Artagnan
                  id: 141511
                text: In one appearance, this character investigates the fortifications at
                      Belle Ile. This character dies shortly after being made a Marshal in
                      The Vicomte of Bragelonne. When he is working under Monsieur des
                      Essart, this character has an affair with Constance Bonacieux, who is
                      a maid of Queen Anne. At the beginning of the first novel in which
                      this character appears, his introduction letter for Monsieur de
                      Treville is stolen by Comte de Rochefort. This character defeats
                      Cardinal Richelieu's troops with a group of soldiers that uses the
                      motto "All for one, one for all." For 10 points, name this character
                      who befriends Athos, Porthos, and Aramis in The Three Musketeers.
--------------------
               guess: Superconductivity
              answer: Superconductivity
                  id: 102364
                text: Scattering from magnetic impurities destroys the pairing of time-
                      reversed states in these materials. The properties of these materials
                      are not affected by disorder in the system according to Anderson's
                      theorem. In these materials, photons have a non- zero effective mass.
                      The Nambu-Gorkov and Bogoliubov-de Gennes Hamiltonians can be used to
                      explain these materials, which come in s-wave, p-wave, and d-wave
                      types. One theory of these materials predicts that heat capacity
                      varies exponentially with the band gap divided by temperature, and
                      that the band gap's energy equals 3.5 times Boltzmann's constant times
                      a critical temperature. In that theory, electron-phonon interactions
                      cause the formation of bosonic particles which condense into the
                      ground state. The London equations and BCS theory explain these
                      materials, which expel magnetic fields in the Meissner effect. For 10
                      points, name these materials which have exactly zero electrical
                      resistance.
--------------------
               guess: Daphne_du_Maurier
              answer: Daphne_du_Maurier
                  id: 151686
                text: One of this author's protagonists uses a drug developed by Magnus Lane
                      to experience the 14th-century unrequited affair between Isolda
                      Carminowe and his doppelganger Roger. In a story by this author of The
                      House on the Strand, Mr. and Mrs. Trigg are among the victims of a
                      series of attacks that Nat Hocken realizes occur only at high tide. In
                      one of this author's novels, the protagonist inadvertently attends a
                      ball wearing a replica of a (*) dress belonging to the deceased title
                      character due to the machinations of Mrs. Danvers. The unnamed
                      narrator is the second wife of Maxim de Winter in that novel by this
                      author, which opens "Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again."
                      For 10 points, name this Cornish woman who wrote "The Birds" and
                      Rebecca.
--------------------
               guess: Šula
              answer: Šula
                  id: 147537
                text: In this novel, a hotel waiter unsuccessfully seeks a "man's job"
                      building a road to the local river. At the end ofthis novel, a woman
                      recalls the way calm water quelled the "turbulent" body of a young
                      boy. The title characterof this novel has a grandmother who cuts off
                      her leg to get insurance money and a mother who dies when herdress
                      catches on fire. A character in this novel encourages everyone to kill
                      themselves each year on January 3.This novel's setting, which was
                      built on land that a slave bought thinking that the land was closer to
                      heaven, isan Ohio town called The Bottom. Its title character
                      accidentally drowns Chicken Little by throwing him into ariver. For 10
                      points, name this novel by Toni Morrison named for Nel's best friend.
--------------------
               guess: Peninsular_War
              answer: Peninsular_War
                  id: 93363
                text: A very half-hearted siege was conducted during this war by John Hope,
                      who was captured in this war's final battle. One commander in this war
                      mistook the dust raised by departing baggage trains as a sign of
                      retreat, resulting in a foolish attack that Bertrand Clausel
                      unsuccessfully tried to salvage. After a crushing defeat, an army in
                      this war was allowed a full retreat with all spoils by Hew Dalrymple
                      in the Convention of Cintra. During the outbreak of this war, John IV
                      escaped with his court to Brazil and the Bayonne Statute replaced
                      Ferdinand VII with a foreign ruler. The Lines of Torres Vedras were
                      built to defend Lisbon from Andre Massena in this war, which included
                      the Duke of Wellington's victory at Salamanca. For 10 points, name
                      this Napoleonic war fought in Spain and Portugal.
--------------------
               guess: Ant
              answer: Ant
                  id: 141382
                text: Toronto FC forward Sebastian Giovinco is nicknamed the "atomic [one of
                      these creatures]." In Rick and Morty, a bunch of these creatures
                      constantly swarm over the eyes of an electronics salesman with the
                      last name Johnson. One of these creatures is voiced by Woody Allen in
                      a Dreamworks Animation film released around the same time as Pixar's A
                      Bug's Life. Secret identities of a superhero imitating the traits of
                      these insects have included Hank Pym and Scott Lang. Raisins are
                      placed on a piece of celery with peanut butter on it to imitate these
                      insects "on a log." For 10 points, name these insects mimicked by a
                      Marvel superhero played by Paul Rudd who can shrink his size.
--------------------
               guess: The_Playboy_of_the_Western_World
              answer: The_Playboy_of_the_Western_World
                  id: 144740
                text: In this play's opening, two cousins discuss the dispensation they need
                      from a bishop in order to marry. This play's second act opens with
                      four girls walking in on the main character and offering him eggs,
                      butter, a boiled chicken, and a piece of cake. In this play, an
                      offstage mule race which the protagonist wins is narrated by Jimmy and
                      the Widow Quinn. At the end of this play, a mob puts a noose around
                      the title character's neck, but he is saved by his father, whom he had
                      claimed to have clubbed to death. Part of this play was performed in
                      dumbshow during its premier at the Abbey Theater after crowds rioted
                      in protest of its portrayal of peasants. For 10 points, Pegeen calls
                      Christy Mahon the title phrase in what play by J. M. Synge?
--------------------
               guess: Ohio
              answer: Ohio
                  id: 149788
                text: A city in this state is situated along the Maumee River and was
                      originally part of this state's northern neighbor before a namesake
                      war transferred nearly 500 square miles in 1836. A photograph in Time
                      magazine in 1969 depicted a fire on this state's Cuyahoga River. This
                      state is home to an I.M. Pei-designed museum that resembles a
                      cylindrical tower attached to a pyramid, the Rock and Roll Hall of
                      Fame. The second oldest amusement park in the United States, Cedar
                      Point, is located on a peninsula in this state along the shores of
                      Lake Erie. For 10 points, name this state whose major cities include
                      Akron, Toledo, and Columbus.
--------------------
               guess: Robert_F._Kennedy
              answer: Robert_F._Kennedy
                  id: 141463
                text: This politician invited James Baldwin to his apartment for a
                      disastrous 1963 meeting on race relations. In one speech, he quoted
                      Aeschylus and stood on the back of a flat-bed truck. This man
                      travelled to South Africa to give the "Day of Affirmation" speech and
                      helped prevent rioting in Indianapolis after Martin Luther King Jr.'s
                      death. He led an investigation of Teamsters Union president Jimmy
                      Hoffa. While taking a shortcut through the Ambassador Hotel this
                      candidate for the 1968 Presidential nomination was killed by Sirhan
                      Sirhan. For 10 points, name this politician who served as Attorney
                      General for his older brother, John.
--------------------
